right well good morning this is a normal
train review what we have here is
obviously a class 43 HST and it is
full-face 4 3 3 2 1
as you can see it's in the wonderful
cross country livery
Arriva Trains so you know it's cerebral
cross country basically and as you can
see i have free well crazy
this one is catch e which is 4 2 3 6 9
catch F for to 370 and coach G which is
4 2 3 6 6 and then look back I don't
know HST unit which is the dummy 4 2 4 3
2 8 5
all this here for the 2 locos 110 pounds
and these two coaches would nineteen one
over there was 7
excuse me 17 so it roughly came around
about hundred and sixty pound not mad
for I thought so yeah anyway my review
on it this is obviously an MTU engine
one so it's got the two radiator fans no
C free bit here as people may know
lovely hand rails I have noticed these
these are fantastic and of course on the
HST you know I'll get a screwdriver
difficult holding the phone ok opening
doors and all obviously all of them do
that these obviously look red on the
camera these are actually a pinky red or
than a bright red like the East Midlands
Trains actually anyone who is watching
this I'd like to actually know what the
Eastman's reins one is light because
it's got the different lights of course
I do quite like the look
free coaches yeah
supposed to go running up then let's go
go
your nest has a bit of a squeal lot of
derring-do clearing time hopefully
where she comes
I have to say the Miller is quite
executive even though it's a banking
capital
fantastic fantastic all
Oh see there's 3tc SOS then
getting confused about I should put the
camera I'm not really used to it with
donut my phone
of see I've got to mention this is about
cab light as well there's a person on
YouTube called I love Americans
he's planner he's meant to be getting
one of these for Christmas and I should
imagine him put a video on so if you're
interested to come watch it his is
probably bit more interesting than mine
anyway um yeah so you can get this
fantastic little set for little train
for 160 pounds I'm for sure would have a
tedious in the first class but I haven't
really got space so and also with this
train there is no buffet car I have
researched into it and the actual train
doesn't really have a buffet car like
all the other HS T's it has it's in the
first class and it's kind of like a
little snack bar at one end of the cage
the end closest to the TC essays but
yeah anyway I highly recommend it the
detail is beyond belief on these you can
see through there on that one
I think yeah look at that where Hey and
the door detail is fantastic so yeah
and they've quite they captured the
lines and that has got a ridge but
they're cool it really well but there we
are there's the
arriver XC cross-country HST hope you
enjoyed thank you